Add Documentation - Framework reference (#1880)
kuzzleio/kuzzle: doc/2/framework/classes/backend-logger/error/index.md

---
code: true
type: error
title: use
description: BackendLogger.error method
---

# `error()`

Logs an error message.

::: info

> This method can only be used after application startup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method can only be used after the application started up.
```
